gh-121450: Make inline breakpoints use the most recent pdb instance (#121451)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-06-23-39-38.gh-issue-121450.vGqb3c.rst

> Inline breakpoints (:func:`breakpoint` and :func:`pdb.set_trace()`) will use the most recent ``Pdb`` instance, instead of creating a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline breakpoints (:func:`breakpoint` and :func:`pdb.set_trace()`) now reuse the same ``Pdb`` instance, instead of creating a new one each time.
```
